The irony is even one good peaceful
Muslim man couldn't save the life of 15
innocent human beings.
>> Let's use the same logic. No problem.
One peaceful Muslim couldn't stop two
terrorists. Okay. All of those millions
of Jews couldn't stop the massacre
that's happened in Gaza. Let's use the
same logic. You coward. All of those
Christians, peaceful Christians,
couldn't stop the crusaders and all the
stuff that other Christians doing in
Central Africa. Let's use same logic.
Oh, it doesn't work now. Okay, it's only
for the Muslims.
Just imagine the people back in the day
when they would have to travel certain
distances for months or even years. What
is one thing that they would carry with
them? The Quran. Why? Because they did
not have it on their mobile devices or
their gadgets. Brothers and sisters,
imagine you have a app, the Qurani app,
which not only shows you how much
rewards you get, but reminds you to read
the Quran, gives you reminders. Download
the Quran app now and let it testify for
you on your Makyama that you read it
wherever you was.
Brothers and sisters and dear friends,
the worst nightmare of every
Islamophobe, every bigot, individuals
like Patrick Pet David. He's a little
pet. That's why he is a coward who
doesn't invite Muslims unless he's got
hostile people on his show. He's an
outright biased individual who is
pro-Zionist, pro- Israel, as you can
see. Subhan Allah. And you can see that
he does not even mention it's so bad
that when you go and search on ex
Twitter, you search Patrick David and
Gaza, there's not a single tweet this
guy, he doesn't even acknowledge it.
He's had that war criminal Netanyahu
there and he's supposed to be a
Christian. You are bringing someone who
insults your god, calls your god's
mother, someone that sleeps around,
commits adultery, says that your god is
burning in his own feces and you invite
him. That's how much of a coward you
are. Here's a video of this coward. this
coward of a man. And guess what to We
don't need this uh podcast, by the way.
We're starting our own Da Bros podcast.
Yeah, PBD read backwards. That's how it
needs to be. Da Bros Podcast.
Alhamdulillah. But I'm say I'm going to
put a link there for you guys to donate
cuz we're going to combat scumbags like
him. An absolute flipping coward who is
not a man to come and debate us on our
on Islam, but rather look what he had to
say about the Muslim hero Ahmed who
saved the lives saved Jewish lives like
Muslims did centuries ago. Subhan Allah.
When Jews were being um uh persecuted by
Christians, anti-semitism, yes,
anti-semitism comes from Christianity.
Christianity, not Islam, when the
Christians were persecuted, when Isabel
and Ferdinand in Spain, Yes. When they
reconquered and they were forcing the
Jews and the Muslims to accept
Christianity by force. Yes. Who did the
Jews run to? Whose lands? To the lands
of the Ottomans. Yes. They got IDs
there. They got protected there. Subhan
Allah. So, let's go to this coward's
video and dissect this absolute
intellectual little dirt bag.
>> So, here's the irony of what happened at
Bondi Beach yesterday in Australia when
two Muslim terrorists killed 15 innocent
men and women ages 10 to 87 years old
with 42 hospitalized while a man named
Ahmed Almed who happens to be Muslim at
43 years old.
>> Check this out. two Muslim terrorists
and Ahmed Al Ahmed who happen look look
what kind of a excuse my I'm trying not
to I'm genuinely I do not do this for
just the sake of it what kind of a
bastard you have to be he happens to be
a Muslim
so two terrorists doing attack that's
Islam the man who saves he just happens
to be a Muslim just just by chance just
happens to be could have been anyone
when it's evil he's a Muslim is Islam.
When he does something good, he just
happens to be a Muslim. Petrade, you are
a bastard. You are a shameless scum of
this earth. Let's carry on.
>> Stepson, we've all seen the video. Takes
away the weapon, gets shot twice, is
celebrated as a hero, which he ought to
be. But you know what the irony is?
There's a butt. There is a butt. He
saved lives, got shot. He he says,
"Look, the guy got shot two times. He's
there, etc. But there has to be because
he's Muslim. There has to be a butt."
You can see this man how frustrated he
was. He's done a video. He's not even
ready. He just put a cap on cuz you know
his hair is messy. Okay. Yes. Okay. He's
just done a video on the go and he's
like it just happens to be a Muslim. But
yes, he was a hero. He got shot two
times. But [sighs]
I want to give you an intellectual spit
in your face. But anyways,
>> the irony is even one good peaceful
Muslim man couldn't save the life of 15
innocent human beings.
>> You can't make this up. He's now
criticizing the guy who saved their
lives of God. Look, he's not looking at
what he done. He's looking at what he
could have not stopped. Meaning that if
Ahmed, the hero, had the opportunity to
stop them from the beginning, he
couldn't. He's basically trying to say
as if Ahmed let it happen and he's like,
"Okay, now I'll stop them. Okay, they've
killed it off." Let's use the same
logic. No problem. One peaceful Muslim
couldn't stop two terrorists. Okay, all
of those millions of Jews couldn't stop
the massacre that's happened in Gaza.
Let's use the same logic, you coward.
All of those Christians, peaceful
Christians, couldn't stop the Crusaders
and all the stuff that other Christians
doing in Central Africa. Let's use same
logic. Oh, it doesn't work now. Okay,
it's only for the Muslims. It's only for
Islam. But when it comes to other
people, no, if that's your argument, one
Muslim couldn't stop two terrorists, my
friend. Then I'm going to come and say,
why didn't the Jewish people stop the
massacre that's happening? Of course,
we're not going to say that because
there are people out there, if they had
the chance, I believe genuine Jews, if
they had the power, they will stop that
genocide happening. If there are genuine
Christians, they will stop the crusaders
happening. If there are genuine Muslims,
which they are, you saw it with his own
hand how he tried to stop those
terrorists. And what does this mean?
That means that warped idea, the belief
of these terrorists in all faith do not
represent their religions. Look at what
kind of a dirt bag, what kind of
hostility you have to have that he's
criticizing the hero and saying one
peaceful Muslim as an anomaly couldn't
stop the king. What about Rajab? A
innocent 10year-old Jewish girl was
killed and we condemn that. Where were
you you dirt back? We are morally
consistent. We condemn both.
Where was you when Hind Rajab got 300
plus bullets in a car while bleeding
from her mouth calling the ambulance and
crying? You have children, you scum.
Where was you? Where was you? And now
you're trying to degrade and say the
hero couldn't save the look. Look look.
He boils my blood. celebrating Hanukkah,
which is what their religion is about,
from two Muslim jihadist extremists,
from killing them.
>> He couldn't look the terrorist area
jihadist Muslims, whatever that means,
okay, for that matter. But he does not
praise the hero. He doesn't say this
what Islam condos. If anything,
Christianity and the Old Testament
condones the killing of innocent men,
women, children explicitly.
We do not have any text that tells us to
go and target innocent men, women, and
children. Inah chapter 8 says, "Allah
does not forbid you from being just and
kind to those who did not fight you
based on your faith and kick you out of
your houses." Clear cut. Allah tells us
the form, the prophet peace be upon him
said, "The highest form of iman is what?
To sayahill.
There is nothing worthy of worship
except Allah." The lowest form of iman
is to remove a harmful object from the
road. Yes. The Quran says if you save
one soul, it says if you save the whole
of humanity. Yes. Okay. While you have
text in your scripture what Amalecch
done while they've massacred 100,000
plus people in Gaza and you have not
said a single word. You scum. You are a
scum. Let's carry on.
>> I don't care if 90% is peaceful. The 10%
true believer is jihadist.
>> He doesn't care if 90 by the This is
where did you get these numbers from?
Where does it say 90% is peaceful but
the rest is not? Where'd you get your
numbers from man? If I'm not mistaken
that's you are trying to say 25 cuz
there's two billion Muslims. If I'm not
mistaken if 90% of that is 10% is about
what? Two 20 million. If you're
basically trying to say 20 million
Muslims are not peaceful. Where did you
get that from? You dirt. Where'd you get
that from? Tell us where did you get
that from, bro? Where'd you get that
from? Nowhere.
>> That hate what America stands for. That
hate the Western ideology. that hate us
protecting women, us allowing women to
vote, that hate the freedom of speech
model that we have, that hate the Second
Amendment model that we have, that hate
the capitalistic society that we have.
>> My friend, you are a Christian. Are you
Are you a liberal or a Christian? How
are you conflating democracy with
Christianity? Are you stupid? Are you
that stupid? How is Christianity
democracy? My friend, Christianity
opposes democracy. You've just made up
this fabricated lie of Christian they're
the two opposites. Well, what are you
talking about? Where in Christianity
does it respect freedom of speech, man?
Where? It says if your brother or your
father or your mother goes and worships
another god, stone him, kill him. Yes.
What are you talking about, bro?
Democracy, woman's rights, woman's
rights. In your religion in um in the
book of um if Ezekiel, if I'm if I'm not
mistaken, it says if a woman is raped,
raped, my friend, the man rapes her, he
has to go on pages 50 to the father and
he keeps her. Imagine being having to
you have to marry a rapist. Woman's
right. Yeah. The woman when she's in
child birth, she suffers the pain that
you've done. You dirt bag. What you
talking about woman's right? You
flipping coward.
>> And we have to sit on the sidelines and
be worried about being called
Islamophobic. Really? I lived in Iran
for 11 years and I saw what this was all
about. If Americans cannot see what's
going on in Australia, tragic event.
Breaks my heart. There's a lot of
Assyrians and Armenians who live in
Australia. And I'm a Syrian and
Armenian. There's a lot of people. A
pastor, Bishop Marmari, got stabbed in
the eye. A Syrian bishop who was very
much needed his voice during CO got
stabbed in the eye by a Muslim boy at 19
years old. Here's a bishop that went to
Gaza to pray for Gazan families. He went
there with his church. A 19-year-old
comes and stabs him in the eye.
>> Okay, you dirt bag. That's wrong. What
about all the Muslims that get attacked?
What about all the Jews that have been
under persecution? U the Jews are
persecuting the Christians when they've
attacked your church. Yes. When they are
spitting at Christians. Why don't you
talk about that, bro? Why don't you talk
about that? Their religion tells them
that they need to execute you pagan
worshippers. Yes. In Islam, you are
under our protection. You pay the jizz
and you are under our protection. In
their religion, they have to execute
you. A Jew can pray in a in a mosque.
Not in a church though. They despise
you. Why do you talk about that? You're
a coward. You are a fraud. And he still
forgave him because our religion of
Christianity believes in that.
>> Yes. Religion of Christianity believes
in that. Yes. Turn to another. We've
seen what the crusaders done when they
were the crusaders at one point they
were eating. They were cannibals when
they were eating people alive. Yes. When
they took over Jerusalem and all that
kind of stuff and anti-semitism comes
from you guys. You flipping you're an
absolute That's why you don't invite
Muslims to your show cuz you will get
destroyed, bro. You will get dismantled.
You will get annihilated intellectually.
You intellectual You're a
coward.
We're supposed to sit in America, think
it's okay with what's going on in
Dearbornne and Somalia and Governor Tim
Waltz has the audacity.
>> Anyway, I don't want to say this bastard
anymore. He's a bastard. That's what he
is in that matter. You can't even see
guys, brothers and sisters. Subhan
Allah. It just frustrates me and
infuriates me, brothers and sisters,
that the absolute lie. Why would Muslims
hate America? Why? Why would they? You
go and bomb God knows how many countries
displace them. Yes. This destabilize.
Yes. The Middle East. And when they come
to their country, you know, when you
hear a graph, they say, "Oh, look at the
top countries that are in benefits in
America." My friend, you've invaded all
of those countries. Afghanistan, Iraq,
Somalia. Yes. You go and cause this
instability. And then when those people
are looking for a better way of life
because you've masquered their men,
women, uncles, whatever it is for that
matter, they don't have they don't have
a system. Yes. You've mashed up their
whole country, stolen their resources.
When they come to America, why are you
here? Like Malcolm X who said, the
chickens have come home to roost. Yes.
So the the in a nutshell, you can see
what kind of a cow he is. And Ahmed is a
hero and they bigot a dirt bag like him.
Cannot I bet this guy lost sleep when he
found out it was Ahmed. There was rumors
in ex saying that he's a Christian
Lebanese. He's a Christian Lebanese.
He's a even Netanyahu came and said he
was a Jew. They were dying. And you know
what? I believe Mossad's behind it. I
believe and like Candace Owens Owens
also called out, I believe Mosad's
behind it. They you know what they do?
They know who's going to do what. They
stop them when they need to stop them
and they let them go when they need to
let them go. I believe that it's
conspiracy. Call it what they want.
There was a lot of conspiracy. There was
a lot of things and it comes to truth.
That's all I want to say in sisters.
Islam is the huck. Alhamdulillah. There
are verses that is clear. You cannot I
challenge any of you flipping cowards
intellectually come to my dial table
every Friday and Sunday. I dare you to
show me a single verse that condones
this. Yes. Condones what those two vile
animals done. Yes. To the innocent
Jewish people that walking past. Yeah.
We condemn killing of Jews, Christians,
innocents, whoever they are. You guys
don't because that's why you don't have
a single tweet about the garden people.
You dirt bag. Yes, Patrick. Pet David,
brother and sisters, we want to combat
this dirt bag. We are £9,600 away from
our target for the sake of Allah. We
want to defend the dean of Allah. None
of this is coming to my pocket. It is
going to the project that we want to
build the set. Inshallah, guys, please
donate whatever amount you can
inshallah. And don't forget to download
the Quran app. Till next time,
better. What you see behind me, brothers
and sisters, is the set three in Salah
Pro Studios. And it is specifically
dedicated to doing power and sisters
because we need £11,600 for what? So,
you can see the set we're planning to
do. This is on the floor. This is the
markings for the tables. This is the
table that's going to be here. Why am I
mentioning this guys? The enemies of
Islam are spending hundreds of thousands
if not millions of pounds to Allah to
Allah. Patrick David the artist the fun
artist. Yes. Is doing what? Refusing to
have Muslim on his platform while he
spreads the lies of Islam. The list of
people who going to come to D who will
come and visit our studios who will come
here and we will discuss these pertinent
issues and answer the doubts of Islam
and know that propate Islam. We don't
Patrick Davis that little pet uh
platform. Do we have our own? So
brothers and sisters, I know in one day
we can raise that. Be a part of this.
Till next time.